either Expo TV its Connor once again
this time I have a very special review
of metal gear solid four guns of the
Patriots the newest game from kojima
productions and Hideo Kojima it is a
okajima's final game in the Medicare
solid series at least if you're going to
believe him he said the same thing about
manager sob 3 and thankfully when he
said that it wasn't true because this is
the greatest game of the series by fog
and one of the greatest games of all
time here we see old snake who's just
want to be a cigarette and there he is
we can see you um this is the install
screen that you'll see a few times while
playing the game both the first time you
boot up the game it's around the
12-minute install and then every time
you switch axe there are five different
acts it has to install and even if you
go back to an act that you've already
seen the Installer screen for installs
again which is kind of annoying but all
in all it's worth it for a game like
this this game is the best looking game
such crisis no question whether or not
it looks better than crisis I'm not
really sure I haven't played too much of
crisis but this is the best game I've
ever this is the best looking game I've
ever played and it's among the best
games period at that I've ever been made
and it's
completely deserved it separating
there's a lot of violence and language
and this more than any metal gear game
before it can be played as an action
game it's not strictly stealth game like
all the other ones i suppose 3 with your
sound 3 you could see the shift towards
I'm action-oriented gameplay but there
were still stealth elements were
strongest in it that was the way you
were meant to play it but in this game
you could you could potentially uh I'll
show you you could actually play it like
a first-person shooter like this you
could play the whole game like this I
wouldn't recommend it that's not the way
that Metal Gear Solid games are meant to
be played and that's not the best way to
play this game this is probably the best
this is easily the best game on
playstation 3 better than games like
definitely sorted and uncharted on far
and it's easily the game of the year as
far as i could start i've played on
grand theft auto 4 which in my opinion
really does not deserve the perfect
scores it's been getting we great that
game is the really great game but all in
all it's it's doesn't make the impact
that n really should i gained like
operate out of time or a metal gear
solid four which completely deserves its
tenth this game is in every sense of the
word masterful instead an amazing epic
day that you should not miss i had to
actually spend five hundred dollars in
order to play this game and i was
worried I was going to really regret it
after
but even now if you're having beaten the
game I beat it actually on the day it
came out sat down and played for 16
hours straight and completed the game
even after beating it in just one day I
did not regret my purchase in any way
this is a game this is the game that
makes it worth owning a playstation 3
playstation 3 finally has a killer
exclusive app that you need to play and
you really can't go wrong with metal
gear solid four if you have questions
after playing metal gear solid 2 and
melt Gear Solid and Metal Gear Solid 3
even this game provides all the answers
you could ever want and more it's an
amazing game with incredible plot and
incredible gameplay as well as simply
amazing characters and beautiful
graphics graphics and it just all comes
together to be one of the simply
greatest experiences in history of
gaming and you really can't miss out on
metal gear solid four so that's my
review of Metal Gear Solid 4 i'm going
to give it five stars if i could give it
six i would this is the best game since
ocarina of time to a question it's even
better than half life 2 and i really am
a halflife fanboy what it comes down to
it and I'm able to say that that should
give me an idea of just how amazing this
game is so yeah that's my own your